[Applause]
[Music]
and we're your hosts today today Oh
chicken chefs will be playing all out
and be Jules are you dusting
Mediterranean couscous it's a
mouth-watering tantalizing but tickling
July introduce our team first take your
crazy festive of this cocoa
cover with boiled water cops cops cops
we all love cops to help us break down
fats in our bodies take some rainbow
face that's a juicy red pepper
dc's slice them into smithereens next
juggle some sweet tomatoes and cut them
in half and cut them in half again yes
you need to chop them and watches you
fraction genius eating real food is not
eating they will see it's all about a
diet of eating all different pursuits
it could also turn it into a movie
[Music]
after that karate chop youngnam and me
to come back
add some brilliant black olives and some
wrinkly sun-dried tomatoes
I wonder - rental business son this is a
low-fat meal but even helps I'll bring
quite a lot and it even gives our bodies
are no choice take all of the gaming
lingo to place them in a pretty poor
this is their your couscous to clean you
[Music]
the boisterous bananas and the DVD
create are definitely weight that food
stocks are look at this amazing fish
steak beauty it's time to taste that
judge
[Music]
[Applause]
that's for watching kitchen kit idolatry
crime week see you again
[Music]